Let's get the divorce certificate tomorrow
It's the last night today.
Can you sleep at home?
OK
Hello
Don't worry, Yanyan.
Although not my biological daughter
But he is very filial
I will definitely pay the money back
It's okay, it's okay, don't worry.
So you're not my mother
Otherwise you wouldn't do this to me
Qianqian, please help me find out who my biological parents are
Now that we are divorced
Then terminate the economic contract as well
I don't agree with the termination of the contract
You want to go?
A scarf can be prepared.
You know the situation in my house
Do what I promised, I'll find a way
Have you thought about it?
If you want to terminate the contract, it's not a matter of changing companies
But was banned
Shen Jiaye, do you have to do this?
Why didn't you find it before?
Zhang Shuyan and Eunuch Zhao look so similar
What are you doing?
I heard that Zhao Jingxuan's mother came to Mr. Shen to discuss the engagement
I'm here to inquire about the news
Engaged, we just got our divorce certificate this morning
In the afternoon, he will
Shen Jiaye, are you so impatient?